W-13157965-add-feature-flag-4.4-dm (#2509)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/feature-flagging.adoc

*Issue ID*

* MULE-19879
<.^|`mule.support.native.library.dependencies`

> |When enabled, if an application access a native library, the rest of its declared native libraries are also loaded. This prevents errors like `UnsatisfiedLinkError` when the accessed native library depends on another native library. Preload order is equal to the order of declaration at the application `sharedLibraries` configuration. Declaring the native libraries at a domain is also supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|When enabled, if an application access a native library, the rest of its declared native libraries are also loaded. This prevents errors like `UnsatisfiedLinkError` when the accessed native library depends on another native library. Libraries must be declared at the `sharedLibraries` configuration following the dependency order, meaning that if library A depends on library B, then A must be declared first. Declaring the native libraries at a domain is also supported.
```

> |When enabled, if an application access a native library, the rest of its declared native libraries are also loaded. This prevents errors like `UnsatisfiedLinkError` when the accessed native library depends on another native library. Libraries must be declared at the `sharedLibraries` configuration following the dependency order, meaning that if library A depends on library B, then A must be declared first. Declaring the native libraries at a domain is also supported.

Reviewer 2: In the first sentence, change "access" to "accesses"
